---
layout: default
title: About Bumby Hymnal Project
navButton: About
---
# About the {{ site.title }}
The church of Christ at South Bumby avenue in Orlando is like many other congregations of God's people.  We have our main song book and have a supplemental song book we have purchased for use in our worship services.  But inevitably our members are exposed to other songs that they find particularly encouraging to them that are not in those books.  Perhaps they learn about other verses of an older song that had been excluded.  Or perhaps they have heard a song on the radio or performed by some popular Christian musician that they would like to use in worship.  Or perhaps their children learned a song at Camp and would love to be able to use the song at home.  Or perhaps they were visiting another congregation and sang a song that they found very uplifting and would like to use it in worship back home.  Whatever the reason, and no matter how many songs we have available to us; there seems to always be a desire to add new songs to our repertoire that are not already available to us in the books we use.

This project was started to accommodate that desire.  The purpose of the Bumby Hymnal Project is to take requests by the members of the church of Christ at South Bumby to use a song in worship and if possible; make arrangements to obtain the sheet music and projection slides for the song.  When we receive a request, we conduct some research to determine whether or not the song is scripturally sound and has some substance to it.  If we determine that the song is acceptable for use in our worship; we then either find or produce an arrangement of the song suitable for A Capella singing by our congregation.  Most of the time we are able to locate a suitable SATB arrangement; but in some cases we have needed to make our own SATB arrangement.  Sometimes, we have simplified the arrangement to make it more suitable for use by untrained singers.

One of the big issues we have to deal with on the Bumby Hymnal Project is to ensure we're properly following all applicable copyright law and abiding by license terms we may have entered into.  The songs we currently use in this project are in two groups as it pertains to copyright: 1) they are in the Public Domain - and thus we have complete freedom to do as we please with the song; or 2) they have an active copyright and are in the CCLI catalog of songs.  The church of Christ at South Bumby uses the services of the Christian Copyright License Incorporation (CCLI) which allows our congregation to use songs covered by that service for use in various activities we as a church engage in.  That includes being able to print copies of the song for our use, and project the song on a large screen during worship services.  The CCLI license does not, however, allow us to give out printed copies of songs covered by the CCLI license to our visitors.  Details of what the CCLI license covers can be found at the [CCLI License Page](https://us.ccli.com/copyright-license/).

On this site, we will make all materials for the Public Domain songs available to anyone who is interested.  For songs under copyright, we will only include information about the song and samples of the song allowable under fair use in the copyright laws.  If you represent another congregation and are interested in using the all of the materials we have prepared - including copyrighted works - you will first need to obtain a CCLI license.  Once you have that, we would be happy to work with you to create custom versions of the materials that reference your CCLI license.
